Adding an example of source lines or notes on the bottom of graphs (#4873)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/text-and-annotations.md

fig.show()
```
### Specifying Source Lines or Figure Notes on the Bottom of a Figure

Container coordinates are an easy and robust way to put text -- such as a source line or figure note -- at the bottom of a figure.  Only the title command supports container coordinates.  If you have access to the HTML of the webpage in which you are embedding the graphic, either the source line, title, or both could go there instead.

```
import plotly.express as px
df_iris = px.data.iris()
fig = px.scatter(df_iris, x="sepal_width", y="sepal_length", color="species",
                 size='petal_length', hover_data=['petal_width'])

#Use the title for the source line
fig.update_layout(
        title=dict(text="Note: a near zero container coordinate is the most robust way to position this on the bottom.  Only the 'title' supports container coordinates.",
                yref="container",
                # A small positive y coordinate avoids cutting off the descending strokes of letters like y, p, and q.
                y=0.005,

>                 # Paper coordinates let us align this at either edge of the plot region 

Reviewer: Thanks for the effort on this one @rl-utility-man 
I like the idea. When I tried the example, some of the text is cut off
<img width="1117" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/84a0970d-ef9f-4373-9d83-f91b84eef078" />
Makes me wonder if it's just maybe too specific of an example for the docs. Will it be difficult to get it working if your text looks different or you're running it in a specific environment?

Author: Good point about the cut off text!  I reworked the example with short text that works well at a wide variety of screen resolutions and added a comment warning about over long text getting cut off.  I also rewrote to draw out the general points I am trying to make with this example.  Let me know what you think of the revised version.  
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e08b953-c0e9-4ba7-afc8-162045d5f033)

fig.show()
```
### Specifying Source Lines or Figure Notes on the Bottom of a Figure

> 
> This example shows how to put a terse note about the data source or interpretation at the bottom of the figure.  This example achieves the desired alignment in the bottom right corner using the title element and container coordinates and then uses an annotation to add a figure title.  A near zero container coordinate is an easy and robust way to put text -- such as a source line or figure note -- at the bottom of a figure.  It is easier to specify the bottom of the figure in container coordinates than in e.g. a paper coordinate since uncertainty about the size of legends and x-axis labels make the paper coordinate of the bottom of the figure uncertain.  Making the y container coordinate very slightly positive avoids cutting off the descending strokes of letters like y, p, and q.  Only the title command supports container coordinates, so this example repurposes the title element to insert the note and repurposes an annotation element for the title.  The top of the figure is typically less cluttered and more predictable, so an annotation with its bottom at a paper y-coordinate slightly greater than 1 is a reasonable title location on many graphs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example shows how to add a note about the data source or interpretation at the bottom of the figure. This example aligns the note in the bottom right corner using the title element and container coordinates and then uses an annotation to add a figure title. A near zero container coordinate is an easy and robust way to put text -- such as a source line or figure note -- at the bottom of a figure. It is easier to specify the bottom of the figure in container coordinates than using paper coordinates, since uncertainty about the size of legends and x-axis labels make the paper coordinate of the bottom of the figure uncertain. Making the y container coordinate very slightly positive avoids cutting off the descending strokes of letters like y, p, and q.  Only the title command supports container coordinates, so this example re-purposes the title element to insert the note and re-purposes an annotation element for the title. The top of the figure is typically less cluttered and more predictable, so an annotation with its bottom at a paper y-coordinate slightly greater than 1 is a reasonable title location on many graphs.

```

> ```import plotly.express as px
> df_iris = px.data.iris()
> fig = px.scatter(df_iris, x="sepal_width", y="sepal_length", color="species",
>                  size='petal_length', hover_data=['petal_width'])
> 
> #Use the title for the source / note line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
import plotly.express as px
df_iris = px.data.iris()
fig = px.scatter(df_iris, x="sepal_width", y="sepal_length", color="species",
                 size='petal_length', hover_data=['petal_width'])

#Use the title for the source / note line
```

fig.update_layout(
        title=dict(text="Note: this is the Plotly title element.",
                 # keeping this title string short avoids getting the text cut off in small windows
                 # if you need longer text, consider 1) embedding your graphic on a web page and
                 # putting the note in the HTML to use the browser's automated word wrap or
                 # 2) using this approach and also specifying a graph width that shows the whole title.
                yref="container",
                y=0.005,
                 # The "paper" x-coordinates lets us align this with either the right or left
                 # edge of the plot region. 

>                  # Aligning this flush with the right edge of the plot area is 
>                  # predictable and easy to code.  
>                  # Putting the title in the lower left corner, aligned with the left edge of the axis labeling would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 # Aligning this flush with the right edge of the plot area is 
                 # more predictable and requires less configuration
                 # Putting the title in the lower left corner, aligned with the left edge of the axis labeling would
```
Would this also be true? I think it might make it more precise. What do you think?

Author: This is fine!  I batch accepted, so your edit is now shown in red; and the original is now the option.
